Last Update: 2017-05-27

RED NINJA STUDIO Privacy Policy

RED NINJA STUDIO does not collect, store or use any personal information except
for the "Analytics" services of Google, Firebase and Fabric. Neither does it
extract such information outside those services in any way, except reports that
produce these services which can not in any way be related to any specific user.

RED NINJA STUDIO employs ad insertion technology from Admob, Amazon Ads and
TAPPX, that collect and use demographic and geographic location information,
data recorded on your hardware, device or operating system to ensure that the
service offers you the right publicity. These services may show advertising
according to your behaviour. If you do not wish to be shown advertising in this
way, please do not use or access the Services.

RED NINJA STUDIO can use location data provided by Analytics services for
promotions, always in an automatic and unattended way.

In addition, you may voluntarily provide information by Email to report a
problem and facilitate the search for a solution. This information will not be
shared with any third party and may be deleted at any time by requesting for it
by email, except in those cases that it could be against the law.

All RED NINJA STUDIO applications and services are governed by this Privacy
Policy. Please do not install the applications or use The Services if you do not
agree with this Privacy Policy.

RED NINJA STUDIO follows the generally accepted standards of Industry and
maintains reasonable protections to try to ensure The security, integrity and
privacy of the information in the possession of RED NINJA STUDIO.

The motivation of special permissions requested in the applications:

â€¢ Talk Text (Read Aloud) => android.permission.BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN

Talk Text requests permission in order to lock the screen automatically when it
starts to read the text. The application requests the permission when the user
activates this option, and the user can revoke the permission at any time.

For questions and information about privacy policy and the rights of the
interested party, please contact us through the email address
redninjastudio.info@gmail.com or the website https://redninjastudio.github.io
